{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ############\
### ABOUT ###\
############\
\
I came to Stanford University from Boston to study Artificial Inteligence.  After completing my Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, I continued at Stanford University finishing my Master's Degree on Computer Science at Stanford focusing in Human Computer Interaction.  I'm interested in opportunities to employ my engineering and design skills and can be contacted blakec (- a t - ) cs (-d o t-) stanford (-d o t-) edu.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
############\
### WORK ###\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 ############\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Palantir\
\
During the summer of 2011, I worked at Palantir as a business development intern on Team Delta.  I collaborated with engineers, analysts and former government specialists to develop product features that aid in tracking terrorists.\
\
Akamai\
\
I interned at Akamai during the summers of 2007 and 2008 on the Network Infrastructure Engineering Team.  I developed tools that visualized the server layouts in data centers and allowed engineers to perform diagnostic tests on servers.\
\
SAIL\
\
For three years during my undergraduate study, I belonged to a research group that explored using machine learning techniques to solve vision and robotics problems.  We developed algorithms that allowed text detection in images and researched methods for robots to autonomously use elevators and work as a cashiers.\
\
TAing\
\
While working towards my Master's Degree in Computer Science (2011-2013), I taught as a Computer Science Teaching Assistant.  I supported professors in teaching computer science courses including algorithms (CS161), graphics (CS148) and probability (CS109) courses and held weekly office hours to help clarify and reinforce the course material for students.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 ################\
### PROJECTS ###\
################\
\
Photo Character Recognition\
\
I collaborated with five members of the Stanford AI Laboratory to develop a solely machine learning based algorithm to recognize text in photographs.  We designed a three-step algorithm in which the first step detected regions of text in an image.  The second step attempted to recognize letters within the detected region and the third step utilized the letter information to probabilistically infer a word.\
\
Elevator Robot\
\
I worked with Dr. Andrew Ng, the head Stanford AI Laboratory, to develop an algorithm that would teach a robot to successfully detect, classify and push control panel buttons found in any elevator.  Our approach required processing thousands of images for training the algorithm to detect all types of elevator buttons.  Once trained, the algorithm performed sliding window object detection on an image and detected regions that were likely elevator buttons.  It then overlaid a grid on the detection data to impose floor ordering logic and combined photo character recognition and hidden Markov models to determine the floor label for each button.  We implemented the algorithm on the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Robot (STAIR) and enabled it to autonomously operate any elevator. \
\
The 2010 International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA) published our paper which is available here.\
\
Cashier Robot\
\
I participated in the Stanford Computer Science Undergraduate Research Internship (CURIS) during the summer of 2010 and collaborated with the Stanford AI Laboratory to enable Willow Garage's PR2 robot to mimic a cashier's duties.  Its tasks entailed grasping groceries, identifying products via their barcode and placing them in a checkout bag.  We employed machine learning techniques and control algorithms and designed a module that allowed the PR2 to perform these tasks.  \
\
The 2011 International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA) published our paper which is available here.\
\
Youmot\'e9\
\
While in the second quarter of my master's program, I enrolled in CS247: Interaction Design Studio in which students were provided a Microsoft Kinect and instructed to incorporate it into a novel application.  My group focused on designing new ways to interact with the television.  We recognized that currently the users watch TV, yet with the Kinect technology, we could make the TV watch the users.  With this in mind, we used the Kinect's body detection to recognize when users entered the room, exited the room, fell asleep, received a phone call, raised their arm, or swiped their hand.  Upon detecting these situations, the application turned on or off TV, paused the TV or changed the TV's volume or channel.\
\
Flows\
\
While I interned at Palantir, I designed a plug-in that concisely visualized thousands of transactions such money transfers and communications between large groups of people.  I coordinated with analysts, engineers, and government workers to create an interface that allowed users to monitor transaction flows between individuals.  The application enabled analysts to choose multiple transaction types and animate colored flows between people to visually indicate the direction, size and type of transaction.\
\
Cutting Board\
\
I crafted a wooden cutting board for my first woodworking project and made it of maple and purple heart with a teak inlay.  Using a band saw, I cut the curved section from both the maple and purple heart and then lasered an impression into the board where I inserted the teak inlay.\
\
Stain Glass Painting\
\
I explored finger painting with acrylic paint and moved beyond tradition by using a glass frame.  I experimented with various color combinations and wavy patterns across the glass.  After the paint dried, I attached parchment paper to the back of the frame and positioned it to be backlit by the sun.  Then, using a macro lens, I photographed small sunlit sections of the painting and discovered some beautiful patterns.\
\
Boston Photography\
During a visit home to Boston, I wandered through the city to take some interesting photographs.  The bustle of Longfellow Bridge combined with the calming ambiance at sunset captured my attention.\
\
Quizlr\
\
For a class project, my group and I partnered with Zynga to develop a two-player mobile phone quiz game.  Users could challenge their friends to a tic-tac-toe quiz board for trivia dominance.  To control a game square, a user would attempt to complete ten trivia questions based on the game square's denoted category.  The player with the most correct answers to a square's quiz gains control of the location.  The first person to rule three squares in a row wins the game.\
\
\
\
}